# Engine

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | Pointer to **string** | The Engine object entity ID. | [optional] 
**Uuid** | Pointer to **NullableString** | The unique identifier generated by this engine. | [optional] 
**Type** | Pointer to **NullableString** | The type of this engine. | [optional] 
**Version** | Pointer to **NullableString** | The engine version. | [optional] 
**Name** | Pointer to **string** | The name of this engine. | [optional] 
**Hostname** | Pointer to **string** | The hostname of this engine. | [optional] 
**RegistrationStatus** | Pointer to **NullableString** | The registration status of this engine. | [optional] 
**ConnectionStatus** | Pointer to **NullableString** | The connection status of this engine. | [optional] 
**LastConnectionTime** | Pointer to **NullableTime** | The last time a connection was established with this engine. | [optional] 
**BootStorageCapacity** | Pointer to **NullableInt64** | The total amount of storage allocated to the engine&#39;s boot partition, in bytes. | [optional] 
**CpuCoreCount** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | The total number of CPU cores on this engine. | [optional] 
**CpuType** | Pointer to **NullableString** | The model of the processors on this engine. | [optional] 
**MemorySize** | Pointer to **NullableInt64** | The total amount of memory on this engine, in bytes. | [optional] 
**DataStorageCapacity** | Pointer to **NullableInt64** | The total amount of storage allocated for engine objects and system metadata, in bytes. | [optional] 
**DataStorageUsed** | Pointer to **NullableInt64** | The amount of storage used by engine objects and system metadata, in bytes. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewEngine

`func NewEngine() *Engine`

NewEngine instantiates a new Engine object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewEngineWithDefaults

`func NewEngineWithDefaults() *Engine`

NewEngineWithDefaults instantiates a new Engine object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *Engine) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *Engine) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *Engine) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *Engine) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUuid

`func (o *Engine) GetUuid() string`

GetUuid returns the Uuid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUuidOk

`func (o *Engine) GetUuidOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUuidOk returns a tuple with the Uuid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUuid

`func (o *Engine) SetUuid(v string)`

SetUuid sets Uuid field to given value.

### HasUuid

`func (o *Engine) HasUuid() bool`

HasUuid returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetUuidNil

`func (o *Engine) SetUuidNil(b bool)`

 SetUuidNil sets the value for Uuid to be an explicit nil

### UnsetUuid
`func (o *Engine) UnsetUuid()`

UnsetUuid ensures that no value is present for Uuid, not even an explicit nil
### GetType

`func (o *Engine) GetType() string`

GetType returns the Type field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTypeOk

`func (o *Engine) GetTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTypeOk returns a tuple with the Type field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetType

`func (o *Engine) SetType(v string)`

SetType sets Type field to given value.

### HasType

`func (o *Engine) HasType() bool`

HasType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTypeNil

`func (o *Engine) SetTypeNil(b bool)`

 SetTypeNil sets the value for Type to be an explicit nil

### UnsetType
`func (o *Engine) UnsetType()`

UnsetType ensures that no value is present for Type, not even an explicit nil
### GetVersion

`func (o *Engine) GetVersion() string`

GetVersion returns the Version field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVersionOk

`func (o *Engine) GetVersionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetVersionOk returns a tuple with the Version field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVersion

`func (o *Engine) SetVersion(v string)`

SetVersion sets Version field to given value.

### HasVersion

`func (o *Engine) HasVersion() bool`

HasVersion returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetVersionNil

`func (o *Engine) SetVersionNil(b bool)`

 SetVersionNil sets the value for Version to be an explicit nil

### UnsetVersion
`func (o *Engine) UnsetVersion()`

UnsetVersion ensures that no value is present for Version, not even an explicit nil
### GetName

`func (o *Engine) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *Engine) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *Engine) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *Engine) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetHostname

`func (o *Engine) GetHostname() string`

GetHostname returns the Hostname field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHostnameOk

`func (o *Engine) GetHostnameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetHostnameOk returns a tuple with the Hostname field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHostname

`func (o *Engine) SetHostname(v string)`

SetHostname sets Hostname field to given value.

### HasHostname

`func (o *Engine) HasHostname() bool`

HasHostname returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRegistrationStatus

`func (o *Engine) GetRegistrationStatus() string`

GetRegistrationStatus returns the RegistrationStatus field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRegistrationStatusOk

`func (o *Engine) GetRegistrationStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRegistrationStatusOk returns a tuple with the RegistrationStatus field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRegistrationStatus

`func (o *Engine) SetRegistrationStatus(v string)`

SetRegistrationStatus sets RegistrationStatus field to given value.

### HasRegistrationStatus

`func (o *Engine) HasRegistrationStatus() bool`

HasRegistrationStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetRegistrationStatusNil

`func (o *Engine) SetRegistrationStatusNil(b bool)`

 SetRegistrationStatusNil sets the value for RegistrationStatus to be an explicit nil

### UnsetRegistrationStatus
`func (o *Engine) UnsetRegistrationStatus()`

UnsetRegistrationStatus ensures that no value is present for RegistrationStatus, not even an explicit nil
### GetConnectionStatus

`func (o *Engine) GetConnectionStatus() string`

GetConnectionStatus returns the ConnectionStatus field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetConnectionStatusOk

`func (o *Engine) GetConnectionStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetConnectionStatusOk returns a tuple with the ConnectionStatus field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetConnectionStatus

`func (o *Engine) SetConnectionStatus(v string)`

SetConnectionStatus sets ConnectionStatus field to given value.

### HasConnectionStatus

`func (o *Engine) HasConnectionStatus() bool`

HasConnectionStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetConnectionStatusNil

`func (o *Engine) SetConnectionStatusNil(b bool)`

 SetConnectionStatusNil sets the value for ConnectionStatus to be an explicit nil

### UnsetConnectionStatus
`func (o *Engine) UnsetConnectionStatus()`

UnsetConnectionStatus ensures that no value is present for ConnectionStatus, not even an explicit nil
### GetLastConnectionTime

`func (o *Engine) GetLastConnectionTime() time.Time`

GetLastConnectionTime returns the LastConnectionTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLastConnectionTimeOk

`func (o *Engine) GetLastConnectionTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetLastConnectionTimeOk returns a tuple with the LastConnectionTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLastConnectionTime

`func (o *Engine) SetLastConnectionTime(v time.Time)`

SetLastConnectionTime sets LastConnectionTime field to given value.

### HasLastConnectionTime

`func (o *Engine) HasLastConnectionTime() bool`

HasLastConnectionTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetLastConnectionTimeNil

`func (o *Engine) SetLastConnectionTimeNil(b bool)`

 SetLastConnectionTimeNil sets the value for LastConnectionTime to be an explicit nil

### UnsetLastConnectionTime
`func (o *Engine) UnsetLastConnectionTime()`

UnsetLastConnectionTime ensures that no value is present for LastConnectionTime, not even an explicit nil
### GetBootStorageCapacity

`func (o *Engine) GetBootStorageCapacity() int64`

GetBootStorageCapacity returns the BootStorageCapacity field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBootStorageCapacityOk

`func (o *Engine) GetBootStorageCapacityOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetBootStorageCapacityOk returns a tuple with the BootStorageCapacity field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBootStorageCapacity

`func (o *Engine) SetBootStorageCapacity(v int64)`

SetBootStorageCapacity sets BootStorageCapacity field to given value.

### HasBootStorageCapacity

`func (o *Engine) HasBootStorageCapacity() bool`

HasBootStorageCapacity returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetBootStorageCapacityNil

`func (o *Engine) SetBootStorageCapacityNil(b bool)`

 SetBootStorageCapacityNil sets the value for BootStorageCapacity to be an explicit nil

### UnsetBootStorageCapacity
`func (o *Engine) UnsetBootStorageCapacity()`

UnsetBootStorageCapacity ensures that no value is present for BootStorageCapacity, not even an explicit nil
### GetCpuCoreCount

`func (o *Engine) GetCpuCoreCount() int32`

GetCpuCoreCount returns the CpuCoreCount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCpuCoreCountOk

`func (o *Engine) GetCpuCoreCountOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCpuCoreCountOk returns a tuple with the CpuCoreCount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCpuCoreCount

`func (o *Engine) SetCpuCoreCount(v int32)`

SetCpuCoreCount sets CpuCoreCount field to given value.

### HasCpuCoreCount

`func (o *Engine) HasCpuCoreCount() bool`

HasCpuCoreCount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCpuCoreCountNil

`func (o *Engine) SetCpuCoreCountNil(b bool)`

 SetCpuCoreCountNil sets the value for CpuCoreCount to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCpuCoreCount
`func (o *Engine) UnsetCpuCoreCount()`

UnsetCpuCoreCount ensures that no value is present for CpuCoreCount, not even an explicit nil
### GetCpuType

`func (o *Engine) GetCpuType() string`

GetCpuType returns the CpuType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCpuTypeOk

`func (o *Engine) GetCpuTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCpuTypeOk returns a tuple with the CpuType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCpuType

`func (o *Engine) SetCpuType(v string)`

SetCpuType sets CpuType field to given value.

### HasCpuType

`func (o *Engine) HasCpuType() bool`

HasCpuType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCpuTypeNil

`func (o *Engine) SetCpuTypeNil(b bool)`

 SetCpuTypeNil sets the value for CpuType to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCpuType
`func (o *Engine) UnsetCpuType()`

UnsetCpuType ensures that no value is present for CpuType, not even an explicit nil
### GetMemorySize

`func (o *Engine) GetMemorySize() int64`

GetMemorySize returns the MemorySize field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMemorySizeOk

`func (o *Engine) GetMemorySizeOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetMemorySizeOk returns a tuple with the MemorySize field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMemorySize

`func (o *Engine) SetMemorySize(v int64)`

SetMemorySize sets MemorySize field to given value.

### HasMemorySize

`func (o *Engine) HasMemorySize() bool`

HasMemorySize returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetMemorySizeNil

`func (o *Engine) SetMemorySizeNil(b bool)`

 SetMemorySizeNil sets the value for MemorySize to be an explicit nil

### UnsetMemorySize
`func (o *Engine) UnsetMemorySize()`

UnsetMemorySize ensures that no value is present for MemorySize, not even an explicit nil
### GetDataStorageCapacity

`func (o *Engine) GetDataStorageCapacity() int64`

GetDataStorageCapacity returns the DataStorageCapacity field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDataStorageCapacityOk

`func (o *Engine) GetDataStorageCapacityOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetDataStorageCapacityOk returns a tuple with the DataStorageCapacity field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDataStorageCapacity

`func (o *Engine) SetDataStorageCapacity(v int64)`

SetDataStorageCapacity sets DataStorageCapacity field to given value.

### HasDataStorageCapacity

`func (o *Engine) HasDataStorageCapacity() bool`

HasDataStorageCapacity returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetDataStorageCapacityNil

`func (o *Engine) SetDataStorageCapacityNil(b bool)`

 SetDataStorageCapacityNil sets the value for DataStorageCapacity to be an explicit nil

### UnsetDataStorageCapacity
`func (o *Engine) UnsetDataStorageCapacity()`

UnsetDataStorageCapacity ensures that no value is present for DataStorageCapacity, not even an explicit nil
### GetDataStorageUsed

`func (o *Engine) GetDataStorageUsed() int64`

GetDataStorageUsed returns the DataStorageUsed field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDataStorageUsedOk

`func (o *Engine) GetDataStorageUsedOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetDataStorageUsedOk returns a tuple with the DataStorageUsed field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDataStorageUsed

`func (o *Engine) SetDataStorageUsed(v int64)`

SetDataStorageUsed sets DataStorageUsed field to given value.

### HasDataStorageUsed

`func (o *Engine) HasDataStorageUsed() bool`

HasDataStorageUsed returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetDataStorageUsedNil

`func (o *Engine) SetDataStorageUsedNil(b bool)`

 SetDataStorageUsedNil sets the value for DataStorageUsed to be an explicit nil

### UnsetDataStorageUsed
`func (o *Engine) UnsetDataStorageUsed()`

UnsetDataStorageUsed ensures that no value is present for DataStorageUsed, not even an explicit nil

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


