# Engine

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **string** | The Engine object entity ID. | [optional] [default to null]
**Uuid** | **string** | The unique identifier generated by this engine. | [optional] [default to null]
**Type_** | **string** | The type of this engine. | [optional] [default to null]
**Version** | **string** | The engine version. | [optional] [default to null]
**Name** | **string** | The name of this engine. | [optional] [default to null]
**Hostname** | **string** | The hostname of this engine. | [optional] [default to null]
**RegistrationStatus** | **string** | The registration status of this engine. | [optional] [default to null]
**ConnectionStatus** | **string** | The connection status of this engine. | [optional] [default to null]
**LastConnectionTime** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The last time a connection was established with this engine. | [optional] [default to null]
**BootStorageCapacity** | **int64** | The total amount of storage allocated to the engine&#x27;s boot partition, in bytes. | [optional] [default to null]
**CpuCoreCount** | **int32** | The total number of CPU cores on this engine. | [optional] [default to null]
**CpuType** | **string** | The model of the processors on this engine. | [optional] [default to null]
**MemorySize** | **int64** | The total amount of memory on this engine, in bytes. | [optional] [default to null]
**DataStorageCapacity** | **int64** | The total amount of storage allocated for engine objects and system metadata, in bytes. | [optional] [default to null]
**DataStorageUsed** | **int64** | The amount of storage used by engine objects and system metadata, in bytes. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

