# <provider> Delphix Provider

!> **NOTE**
The Terraform Provider for Delphix is currently beta and requires Delphix Control Tower (DCT) APIs to work.


The Terraform Provider for Delphix enables customers to natively manage data-as-code along with their infrastructure. 
With Terraform and Delphix, customers can now automatically provision, manage and teardown any number of ephemeral data environments to drive enterprise DevOps workflows including test data management.

This provider leverages the Delphix APIs available with the Delphix Data Control Tower (DCT). The provider must be configured with the proper API key generated by DCT and registered with associated Delphix engines before use

To learn more about Delphix and DCT APIs, refer to [Delphix Docs](https://docs.delphix.com) and [DCT Docs](https://docs.delphix.com/dct) respectively. 

## Example Usage

```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    delphix = {
      source = "delphix-integrations/delphix"
      version = "1.0.0-beta"
    }
  }
}

# Configure the DXI Provider
provider "delphix" {
  tls_insecure_skip = true 
  key = "dct_api_key"
  host = "dct_hostname"
}

# Provision a VDB
resource "delphix_vdb" "vdb_name" {
  auto_select_repository = true
  source_data_id         = "DATASOURCE_ID"
}
```

## Configuration and API Key Generation

Delphix Provider uses DCT APIs to communicate with the Delphix engines. Authentication to DCT APIs are handled using API Keys. 
For generation of the API key, please refer to [Authentication](https://docs.delphix.com/dct/authentication-170164311.html).


## Argument Reference

* __key__ : The API key is provided in this field that gets passed on to DCT for authentication.
* __host__: The host name for where DCT APIGW is running.
* __tls_insecure_skip__: This takes a boolean value which determines whether to skip the TLS check. tls_insecure_skip is really unsafe to set it to true. By default it is `false`.
* __host_scheme__: Determines the host scheme configured. By default it is `https`.
